SHEO_REPEAT_MODEL : Developing these models requires patience and good pressure. We look forward to seeing Kevin's Hello Nest Knights again. Strong dominance has always been my choice. Ideal even for very large people, but many. It's definitely good for the head. Nice doll, dear Isma, Zemer's secret ... Yes, second.
SHEO_SLY : Hahahahaha! Just a series ... very difficult ... I almost want to reprint. Get up and do your work. When I talk about hard work, I want to show how much I came.
ORO_GREET : When I come back. For example, you can sleep and wake up. But it won't take long.
ORO_REFUSE : "Users are illiterate", please change "Life" and "Strength" and comment, Terry Condin!
MATO_SLY : Very good ...! Are you free ?! I can give it just an inch! Because of your work I am weakened by my examples. I swear I will never see Niala again. Until he learns the course, but if you see it again, please ... let him know I’m still grateful.
SHEO_GREET : Say you have a swollen throat. How did you grow up and learn English? I'll try to put something on my lap ... but I'm not sure what it is.
SHEO_REPEAT : I have a lot of brushes and paints. If you're bored of nails, come to the garden with me.
MATO_REFUSE : Students, why are you surprised? Do you think it is suitable for your nails? <part> Don't worry. First of all, I love your talent. Stay close to me, think, and start the lesson right.
ORO_REPEAT : If possible, take a break here but don't go too far.
MATO_REPEAT : Come sit down with me and think before you leave. Your company is always welcome.
ORO_BOW : Learn everything Go back to the world of tourism
ORO_TAUGHT : Health I just want to say that you are a good student. Wish Nail Art Power ... It reminds me of my brothers. I taught him as much as I could. I did a world tour and I was alone.
ORO_DREAM : Brother Matthews lives alone on earth ... Do you still see me as your enemy?
SHEO_MATO : Well, you will always love Hurricane SlashWise Matt. You ask when you are a student. She wanted to tell the children what she had learned. He was not a good student. But education and culture left him. I'm glad you found what you were looking for. Instead of being a teacher ...
ORO_SHEO : I saw Tia Xiao learning to draw her nails. And you love - as if the strong claws are better than us, mother. It was good for her and my boss. It's too long, but ... it's not interesting. He said in our last interview that he will publish new information. I don't know if he can do that?
MATO_ART : Yes, I can see it with my own eyes - I'm ready to learn my blue picture! Do you want to learn right away?
MATO_SHEO : Yes! Then my brother Shaw will teach you the art of the Great Nile Slash! I am happy! Shiva and I were very close when we practiced together in the big blue shade. She often says that she is tired of manicure and wants something new.
MATO_BOW : Praise me for not speaking, for example ... Thank you.
MATO_GREET : Students, go to the old teacher! it's an honor for me. Sit down when you think I want to meet you.
MATO_DREAM : Sheo, how are you? Would you call this country the green kingdom of hunger? I think about you every time I pick out my nails... Do you think about the time we spent with the guests? What do you think ...
MATO_ORO : Nail polish, scratches ... I learned Euro from my brother, didn't I? He is still alive. You are there! I will never forget, I will never forget my loyalty to you. <page> Ndo. I will not bother you with that. I am glad that another nail teacher taught and supported my model.
SHEO_NAILSMITH : See who's joining us. We're very happy now, aren't we? This guy looked at my front door and was looking for something new in his life. I know I found love in nature. Smell, fish to the liver. So what do we do about it? Luckily, is there a book that I didn’t know that I was alone? It's like reuniting with your brother. Stay with us if you want.
ORO_ART : What about passengers? You have to pay the required price. Or leave it unattended.
ORO_MATO : Unguis painting ... Practice P'Motou. He has a special love and respect. The exercises were difficult and uncomfortable for me. Did you say your name? If so, ask for patience. He waited a long time until he was given what he wanted.
ORO_SLY : The effort you put into your work ... will send you to the pin technician for more results. You deserve it. I had to help her on the road ...
ORO_MEET : hmf how will you see me at the end of the world? Yes, I understand why you are here. Here are some nail art to learn from the old Gold Stop artist. It's an honor to share your learning with the right people. If you want to be active, try Geo!
SHEO_DREAM : Mr. Delos ... How did you hide in the ashes? Pride, fear, shame? If he chases you to find a new connection to solve a problem, he will probably see your eyes.
SHEO_ART : Remember something ... you will not be hungry. If you want to learn something ...
MATO_MEET : Well, you know, I'm glad to hear that the troops are coming. He had a hard time seeing me. Defeat many enemies. As the owner of Hammer Nails, I learned Big Nail when I introduced you to my college days. Let's start with the study.
SHEO_REFUSE : do you feel Do you hate the weight of your nails? What, wait a minute, if we want we can do it together.
SHEO_MEET : Joe Joe! Why are you hiding here, stupid? Do you like new things like me? My name is Shu and I have nails in my back. Yes, the only thing that motivates them is to improve their technology and brand. So I'm looking for a new endeavor that can spread my word and make a living. I took the time to learn how to dress. Images and gardens... to show interest. <page> Good. I don't like what you say. Are you looking for these Shio nails? Are you here to learn nails? If you get angry, I'll tell you...
MATO_TAUGHT : You will succeed! Now I know how he felt when he told me what he taught. When I say that I treat you like a child, I do not mean that you treat me as you do now. WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION! When we saw her decorating my nails, our relationship suddenly began! <page> I explained in words, students ...
SHEO_ORO : Then meet each nurse and persuade her to teach you how to cut nails. I have not seen the house for a long time. how much has it changed? I did not know anything, but something seems to be happening. Thank you for sharing what you have learned.
SHEO_TAUGHT : Come here! Did my work stop you? Apply nails and brushes...they are no different. Jump around the world to see. However, I have nothing to learn at the moment. You will see your way... Good luck
